== Nekropolis ==

	"The sun descending in the west,
	 The evening star does shine:
	 The birds are silent in their nest,
	 And I must seek for mine.
	 The moon, like a flower,
	 In heaven's high bower,
	 With silent delight
	 Sits and smiles on the night."
	
			Quote from "Night"  by W. Blake

	He sees a dark construction arise in the moonlight, as he approaches the town. Once again he finds himself asking directions from the tavern's keep.

	- Where can I find this Rotten Dagger? I have a quarrel with him, says PLAYER, putting a piece of silver on the counter.
	- The keep looks over PLAYER's shoulder and nods onto the direction of a table.

	Three men are sitting there. One of them has a nasty scar over the right eye. He thrusts himself to the table, shouting :
	- Where is Catherine ?
	- Do you have my gold? inquires the man with the nasty scar (Rotten Dagger)
	- Here it is, you foul thing. Now give me back my Catherine.
	- Follow us, you shall have her.

	The four men leave the tavern. As soon as they get outside, PLAYER feels a sharp pain in his left side , and crashes to the ground, in a whirlwind of pain.
	
	Some time passes, and PLAYER awakes, only to find himself chained to a wall, with a puddle of blood at his feet. He opens his eyes and sees a woman crying. She is full of bruises and her back is whipped.

	- PLAYER , PLAYER ... what are you doing here ? her voice trembled
	He realises in shock, that it is his dear Catherine. She is barely standing on her feet. Blackened eyes and swollen lips, ruined her once beautiful face.

	As he feels the end nearing, he can't take his eyes off her. 
	
	Rotten Dagger steps from the shadows with a knife in his hand. He rips off Catherine's clothes and rapes her while holding the knife to her neck. After he was done, he looked into PLAYER's eyes, smiling, and slits her throat open.

	PLAYER slowly died, in agony and horror.

	"The GOD of war is drunk with blood;
	 The earth doth faint and fail;
	 The stench of blood makes sick the heav'ns;
	 Ghosts glut the throat of hell!"

			Quote from "Gwin King of Norway"  by W. Blake
